Generate a default `favicon.ico` in `public` folder, don't generate one on compile (#2625)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/migration-guides/migrate-from-0-16-to-0-17.md

Author: Note this file contains migration guide from Carlos's PR which is yet to be merged.
I've merged the migration guide beforehand to ease the merge conflicts later.

Reviewer: @FranjoMindek I've left some comments on his PR so I think there will be some conflicts anyways. I'd avoid doing "upfront conflict resolution" because conflicts aren't usually that bad and you'll probably resolve them immediately since both of your PRs are "additive" and they are not really in conflict.

---
title: Migration from 0.16.X to 0.17.X
---

## What's new in 0.17.0?

### Wasp will no longer generate `favicon.ico` on compile

Wasp now provides a default `favicon.ico` in the project's `public` folder.
Deleting the `favicon.ico` results in no favicon in the built application. 

## How to migrate?

To migrate your Wasp app from 0.16.X to 0.17.X, follow these steps:

### 1. Add a default `favicon.ico` in the public folder

This step is necessary only if you have no `favicon.ico` in your `public` folder.

> If so, add a default `favicon.ico` to your `public` folder.

Author: So far I've provided them where to find it in the build files.
Do we want to point to external source instead?

> If so, add a default `favicon.ico` to your `public` folder.

Author: I've refactored it to point to our github where it will be located eventually.

## title: Migration from 0.16.X to 0.17.X

## What's new in 0.17.0?

### The `login` function from `wasp/client/auth` has changed parameters

:::note
Only if you are using [username and password authentication](../auth/username-and-pass.md).
:::

The `login` function, as imported from `wasp/client/auth`, has changed
the way of calling it:

- ❌ **OLD**: `login(usernameValue, passwordValue)`
- ✅ **NEW**: `login({ username: usernameValue, password: passwordValue })`

This is to make it consistent with the `login` and `signup` calls in other
authentication methods, which were already using this convention.

> ### Wasp will no longer generate `favicon.ico` and it's corresponding `<link>` tag on compile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Wasp no longer generates a default `favicon.ico` 
```

> Wasp will no longer generate `favicon.ico` if there is none in the `public` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasp will no longer generate `favicon.ico` if there isn't one in the `public` directory.
```

> Additionaly Wasp will no longer include `favicon.ico`'s `<link>` tag in `index.html` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, Wasp will no longer generate a `<link>` meta tag in `index.html`. You'll need to define it yourself explicitly. 
```

> Wasp will now instead provides a default `favicon.ico` in the project's `public` folder, along with a corresponding `<link>` tag in the `main.wasp`'s `head` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New Wasp projects come with a default `favicon.ico` in the `public` directory and the `<link>` meta tag in the `main.wasp` file.
```

## How to migrate?

To migrate your Wasp app from 0.16.X to 0.17.X, follow these steps:

### 1. Change the parameters to the `login` function

:::note
Only if you are using [username and password authentication](../auth/username-and-pass.md).
:::

If you were using the `login` function (imported from `wasp/client/auth`),
change its parameters from `login(usernameValue, passwordValue)` to
`login({ username: usernameValue, password: passwordValue })`.

It is possible that you were not using this function in your code.
If you're instead using [the `<LoginForm>` component](../auth/ui.md#login-form),
this change is already handled for you.

> ### 2. Add a default `favicon.ico` to the public folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Add a `favicon.ico` to the `public` directory
```

> This step is necessary only if you have no `favicon.ico` in your `public` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is necessary only if you don't have a `favicon.ico` in your `public` folder.
```

> In that case add a default `favicon.ico` to your `public` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should add a `favicon.ico` to your `public` folder. If you want to keep the default, download it here: [link].
```

I'd add the link to download the default for people that don't really care / don't have a special favicon in mind. This is a great place to link to a favicon generator for people that want to have their logo as favicon.

Author: Do we have any go-to recommendation for favicon generators?

Reviewer: Not really, this is a soft recommendation, what ever feels okay for you as a dev, people with less experience will appreciate your tip.

Author: Added a link to https://realfavicongenerator.net/

> The default `favicon.ico` can be found in the output files of your Wasp project.

Reviewer: Ok nice, you've given them instructions to get the default favicon. I'd still maybe link to the `favicon.ico` on github.com just in case they maybe ran `wasp clean` in the meantime.

Author: I'd rather remove the part for local `favicon.ico` all-together and just link to github. It makes more sense.

You can find it by going to `.wasp/out/web-app/favicon.ico` from your Wasp project's root directory.

> ### 3. Add a `<link>` tag for `favicon.ico` to `wasp.config`'s `head` property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Add a `<link>` meta tag for `favicon.ico`
```

> This step is required for all of the project's which use `favicon.ico`, be it default or custom one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is required for all of the project's which use `favicon.ico`.
```

> Add the `<link>` tag to the `app.head` propery of `wasp.config`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the `<link>` tag to the `head` property in the `main.wasp`
```
